[CENT-1201] Fix broken links in documentation (#173)
splitpayments/api-documentation: source/guides/zepto-api.md

Provides the ability to send a Payment Request (get paid) to any Contact that has an accepted Agreement in place.

> To send a Payment Request to a Contact using the API, you must first have an accepted [Agreement](https://help.zepto.money/en/articles/3094575-au-agreements) with them.

Reviewer: Not sure which to use but IIRC we're phasing out use of `zepto.money`. 

I wonder if it was originally pointing here:
https://docs.zeptopayments.com/reference/listoutgoingagreements

Author: That works also, updated.

The Zepto API supports idempotency for safely retrying requests without accidentally performing the same operation twice.

> For example, if a [Payment](https://docs.zeptopayments.com/reference/makeapayment) is `POST`ed and a there is a network connection error, you can retry the Payment with the same idempotency key to guarantee that only a single Payment is created. In case an idempotency key is not supplied and a Payment is retried, we would treat this as two different payments being made.

Reviewer: Consider referencing the URL reference below:
```suggestion
For example, if a [Make a Payment] is `POST`ed and a there is a network connection error, you can retry the Payment with the same idempotency key to guarantee that only a single Payment is created. In case an idempotency key is not supplied and a Payment is retried, we would treat this as two different payments being made.
```

... or this, if you want to preserve the text (untested, I think that syntax works?). 

```suggestion
For example, if a [Payment][Make a Payment] is `POST`ed and a there is a network connection error, you can retry the Payment with the same idempotency key to guarantee that only a single Payment is created. In case an idempotency key is not supplied and a Payment is retried, we would treat this as two different payments being made.
```

Author: Looks good.  Updated.  When I merge I'll double check it's linking as intended.

To perform an idempotent request, provide an additional `Idempotency-Key:<key>` header to the request.

> You can pass any value (up to 256 characters) as the key but we suggest [V7 UUIDs](https://uuid7.com/) or another appropriately random string.

Reviewer: Good catch! 💯
